# Log the following details for each site:
- Site ID
- Descriptive name
- GPS coordinates
- Habitat description
- Reason for selection
- Access notes
- Deployment history with dates and equipment used
- Any special considerations (e.g., seasonal wildlife activity, weather conditions)


## JENNA'S Notes

- installed camera traps first, then sounds meters, then went and looked at rhinos

### Camera traps 
Location 1
- installed CT01 and CT03
- installed at Nomad ridge shelter, camera 1 pointing to the right and camera 3 pointing to the left
2 cameras at nomad ridge shelter, facing each side of the lake where the deer hang out 

TO DO: Add facing direction for these 2 sites, add direction to checklist 

Site 3
Pasture D giraffe feeder by lake 
Salt lick
Animals like to pass thru here 
Camera 2

Site 4 
Lake trail 
CT 04
Facing northwest 

### Sound meters

SM site 1, lake trail gate O

SM site 2, Zebra shelter, SM 3

Site 3, SM 2,Zip tower 

Site 4, SM4, Near fence with lots of vegetation 


## BHARATH 
Animals were quite receptive and social of our interactions the deer seemed more curious about our setup; our installations caused minimal discomfort/disruptions. Some worries about the 4th deployment of camera trap from the lakes ripples causing the motion detection triggers. Locations seemed to cover more open areas some more wooded areas could give more geographic diversity for a more holistic data

## PENELOPE
Currently breeding season for the deer-Site 1 + 2 (camera traps) had a normal herd split into two groups, two males
Males like to "croak" to communicate that it's their territory
It's fairly warm and sunny so lots of wading in any water as well as shady areas
Site 1 + 2 (camera traps) was a normal congregating area, while the other sites were pretty empty at the time
May need to see if we can bring something to mount camera traps on to get areas that don't have trees or poles to mount
Wanted to get closer to get ID's for animals, however there was no where to put it. Just getting a head count is attainable.

## Ally Bonney field notes 6/30/25
Camera trap 02 (Nomad shelter): overlooking the land bridge between the two lakes/parts of both lakes. Deer look like they like to congregate there, so we placed two camera traps at this site facing different directions.
General impressions: the jot forms did not work at all parts of The Wilds, so paper copies were used. There was heavy rain in the morning, but it had cleared up while we were placing the equipment. At the fourth camera trap site, there was a running pump in the water, which may cause noise pollution.


## TANISHKA
Site 2: Camera Trap 1

Installed a camera trap at the salt lick near the old giraffe feeder.
Observed a group of wild cows: 3 females and 1 male.
Site 1: Bioacoustic Recorder 1

Installed near Gate 0.
The location was chosen to capture bird calls during sunrise and sunset.

Weather conditions were cloudy and breezy throughout. Occasionally experienced issues with JotForm functionality.